Update Integration: CTM360 (#38199)
demisto/content: Packs/CTM360-CyberBlindspot/README.md

In External Attack Surface Management, HackerView provides an inventory of your digital assets discovered automatically, identifies issues (including vulnerabilities, misconfigurations, and exposures) in these digital assets, and generates a digital risk scorecard for your organization. The scorecard can also be generated for a limited number of your vendors for free.

In Digital Risk Protection, CyberBlindspot detects threats across the surface, deep, and dark web and monitors for over 40 threat types, i.e., actual or potential threats targeting your organization, brands, and executives. These incidents include phishing, social media fraud, suspicious mobile apps, look-alike domains, data leakage, etc.

## What is CTM360?

CTM360 is a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) technology platform that provides External Attack Surface Management, Digital Risk Protection, and Cyber Threat Intelligence in one consolidated platform.

## What does this pack do?

> This pack allows you to integrate HackerView & CyberBlindspot incidents with XSOAR. Automated integration fetches and populates incidents into XSOAR from HackerView & CyberBlindspot platforms along with all the details of the incident and leads XSOAR analyst to take relevant actions over the incidents such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pack allows you to integrate HackerView & CyberBlindspot incidents with Cortex XSOAR. Automated integration fetches and populates incidents into Cortex XSOAR from HackerView & CyberBlindspot platforms along with all the details of the incident and leads the Cortex XSOAR analyst to take relevant actions over the incidents such as:
```

- HackerView:
  - Incident response and feedback.
- CyberBlindspot:
  - Closing the incident.
  - Issuing an asset takedown request.

## How to use it?

> Install the pack and configure either one of the integration instances in XSOAR. For the configuration phase you will need an active API key which can be obtained in the respective platform. For any further support and questions please feel free to contact with us via **xsoar@ctm360.com**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the pack and configure either one of the integration instances in Cortex XSOAR. For the configuration phase you will need an active API key which can be obtained in the respective platform. For any further support and questions, feel free to contact us via **xsoar@ctm360.com**
```
